Oracle 

Round 1 

Code an example of function overlaoding 

Given an array there exist an element where left sum and right sum is equal. Return the position of the element. 

Given a tree where eaxh cild value is either opening or closing bracket , find which level has balanced bracket 

ACID property In DBMS . How we implement durabiltiy. 

Round2 

Given 2 d matrix of char and a word w – find whether the word is present or not 

You can move in 8 directions (up, down, left, right and all 4 diagonals) 

Q2 

Given a array and a value k – rotate the array left from the k th position. 

 

Round3 

Tell me about the work experience- what was the project objective in which you were working. (some discussion was done on it) 

One project discussion from resume 

Asked various questions regarding the approach of replications in GFS . How it can be improved and make more efficient. (good discussion happened over this). 

One system design question- 

Design an api for food delivery app where you need to tell whether the order placed can be delivered in 30 minutes or not 

Extension to api question- consider multiple orders came from same location how will you handle that 

Some Hr questions 

 

 

 

 

 

MICROSOFT 

Round1-  

Given n – print all numbers upto n which are multiple of 2,3,5 .  

Expected time- linear 

Space- constant 

No duplicates should be printed. 

Q2 

Picked one project- unique thing about  the project 

Round2- 

Given an array where each adjacent element just differs by 1.  Maxima are those which are greater than both left and right elements. Find all maximas- 

Expected time – log 

Samsung  

Round1 

Given a doubly linked list and an index of a node. Delete that node 

Write code for making a array min heap, then do insert, delete and do heapify operations. All from scratch. 

Explain one project – objective and your learning from it. 

 

SAP LABS- 

 

Round 1 

Given a table with 2 columns ID WEBSERIES- . Find all web series which occur more than 3 times consecutively in the table. 

Tell us about beladys anomaly 

Tell us about the work experience and the project you worked on. (asked details of the implementation) 

Asked one simple coding question. (was more inclined in discussing exception handling in java) 

Coding question- given a tree and value k , find the Kth element in the tree 

Exception handling was asked if k is more than the elements in the tree 

 

Round2 

Design chess using OOPS concept 

Puzzle1 – duck in pond and fox . How duck can esacpe 

Puzzle2- # friends don’t reveal salary . Find average of salary of all 3 

ALL 3 answers available on GFG. 

 

Capital one 

Written- MCQ where we find output of the code given.  

Round 1- given 2 case study- 

Q1 (question not remembered clearly) given logs as input find their frequency- was asked to code it 

Q2 –was asked to make a recommender system for an ecommerce website. They asked to make a data structure for efficient display of products matching the query of the customer.  

We were given items with their description as input 

Data structure should be able to do efficient updates delete, insert 

 

Round2 

Asked about the work experience, technology you worked upon and project details 

Discussed one project from resume. 

 

 

 
